Wow chickens cluck
that's my own name from Pro Rico my
family my own family for my father wine
swing low rider are crucial
he got recanting right I wanna swing and
lower it move this one is swinging
original that one the back all my bag is
also original swing so we got twenty
year and two we can make it like fantasy
different style is it's a lone rider by
please miss Kahn swing that the only
thing you got a home made by most of its
who may buy your bells and change and
you know me piece of or 20 inches bikes
you see you can check it out you can put
a piece back I take my one where you put
the other one person I like I'll paint
every time the buggy got different
styles he's green and a lot of pictures
you got green different I don't leave it
one color I like working bike is my
hobby
I enjoy do that I got this by using
Joker up in everything you are making
one day and one day I made the bike and
I go to Puerto Rico parade it
represented by circle around the
counting no counting is condensed out
candy you got around people see or say
hello with panic playing with
and the birth you see everybody every
every creep on in behind on some time we
got a regular bicycle running hours
behind our having fun wheel